Enable SSL for all server (#441)
phpmyadmin/docker: README.md

-v /some/local/directory/sessions:/sessions:rw
```

## Connect over SSL with backend

> Set the variable ``PMA_SSL`` to '1' and enable ssl usage from phpmyadmin to mysql server. The default value is 0. Variable ``PMA_SSLS`` can be used as a comma seperated sequence of 0 and 1 where multiple hosts are mentioned. Values order must follow the ``PMA_HOSTS`` and will be computed accordingly.

Author: updated

For usage with Docker secrets, appending ``_FILE`` to the ``PMA_PASSWORD`` environment variable is allowed (it overrides ``PMA_PASSWORD`` if it is set):

> * ``PMA_SSL`` - define ssl usage for MySQL server
> 
> * ``PMA_SSLS`` - comma separated list of 0 and 1 defining ssl usage for corresponding MySQL servers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``PMA_SSL`` - Enable ssl usage for the MySQL connection
* ``PMA_SSLS`` - comma separated list of `0` and `1` defining ssl usage for the corresponding MySQL connections
```
Please move this at the end of the list

Author: moved

- `PMA_CONTROLHOST`
- `PMA_CONTROLUSER`
- `PMA_CONTROLPASS`
- `PMA_SSL`

> - `PMA_SSLS`

Reviewer: @TasdidurRahman I am considering a revert of the two lines
It makes no sense to read 1 and 0 from a file
What do you think ?

Reviewer: Reverted as 577a94fda60fbd1bb13247531c1783db9c51a64b

Author: sorry for late reply, LGTM

Reviewer: Thank you
